## 1. What is Anarchy?

Anarchy, to most people, is the state of things created when order ceases to exist. It is created when criminals and their gangs take over, or when men has lost track of what it is to be a good member of society. When you see anarchy this way, it sounds weird that some people _want_ it. After all, why would someone ever want trouble?

In our times, a good amount of politics orbit around what words mean. When people clash over the rights and wrongs of ideologies, policies, entities and history, it is inevitable that at least one person will question semantics. "Capitalism is bad because of regulatory capture!" will be said, only for someone else to say "But that _isn't_ capitalism!". Similarly, "Communism is bad because of how it creates dictatorships!" will be argued, only for someone else to mention "But that _wasn't_ communism!". These clashes unavoidably become arguments over semantics, and then all rationality is lost. So to avoid yet another confused debate over what is Anarchy and what it isn't, it's better to define it first before everything else.

**Anarchy is an absence of involuntary authority.** That is, the authority that tells you "These are the laws of the land; you are forced to follow them, and you cannot leave without my permission". This doesn't mean that a society in anarchy lacks authority, as _all_ societies have a kind of authority. Sometimes it's material (as in the state), sometimes it's immaterial (as in a social contract). However, it _does_ mean that a society in Anarchy won't force you to stay in it. That is, **your participation in the society is voluntary, and you are free to quit at any time.**

**Anarchy does not have to be practiced for it to exist.** Anarchy starts to exist the moment involuntary authority doesn't assert itself. "Assertion", in this context, means using force to guarantee a kind of social order that others cannot easily escape from. This kind of anarchy exists at every scale: a room can be in Anarchy, a house can be in Anarchy, a street can in be in Anarchy, and so on and so forth until you reach the limits of the universe. Your _bedroom_, right now, can be considered to be in a state of anarchy simply because there is no involuntary authority using force to apply a social order to people that don't want to be in it.

**Anarchy is ultimately a social concept.** Even though the comparisons made seem to imply anarchy is physical, it truthfully isn't. Anarchy is defined as the absence of involuntary authority, and while most of us mentally translate "involuntary authority" to "state", in reality this "involuntary authority" can stand for _anything_ that is coercive. If you are in a relationship where your partner is battering you day and night in order to "correct" you, then your partner is the involuntary authority, and you escaping from his violence or putting an end to it constitutes the creation of anarchy. If the involuntary authority is abstract, then the anarchy that can take its place is abstract. If the involuntary authority is physical, then the anarchy that can take its place is physical. **Understanding this concept is key to understanding everything else.**

## 2. Anarchy is what makes you happy

A bold statement, but a true one. You may think that you have yet to experience anarchy, but you most surely did. You did it today, and yesterday, and the day before, and every day since your birth. There are moments you treasure deep in your mind that could have only happened in anarchy, because they couldn't have happened anywhere else.

### The Meditation

All of us spend a moment now and then examining every nook and cranny of our lives. We do it in our most quiet times, in the darkness of our bedrooms, or in the (occasional) calm of the outside world. We do not do this because something or someone asks us to - we do this because it is what we think is right in that moment. But the moment we _have_ to do something, and we go and do it, then this is broken. This quiet moment we had has been taken away and replaced by something else that was demanded. Realize that in the absence of any external pressure, in _anarchy_, we are able to meditate, and the contrary of anarchy is what removes these personal moments of introspection from us.

But why is this important? All of us meditate on life, and all of us have to break away from it to do other things, so why is this relevant right now? Because most of us fail to realize that it is in our nature to gravitate _towards_ these moments, and these moments can only occur in anarchy. The most fortunate of us, those that have been to school, will remember sitting in these rows of desks, doing our arguably very boring work for some time before occasionally drifting into a daydream created by our mind. Your _nature_ finds it more important, more relevant, and more beneficial to do something else, and as your teacher hasn't manifested its authority yet, you forgo your work, you create your own personal state of anarchy, and you start _thinking_. This moment is only taken away when involuntary authority asserts itself: the teacher reminding you to work, the bell signaling the end of the class, or some other event that snatches you of your introspection.